DEVEX-2159 Support for preserveJobOutputs in "dx run" and "dx describe" (#963)
dnanexus/dx-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> * Support for Preserve Job Outputs in `dx run` using `--preserve-job-outputs` and `--preserve-job-outputs-folder`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dx run` support for `--preserve-job-outputs` and `--preserve-job-outputs-folder` inputs
```

> * Pretty-printing Preserve Job Outputs Folder field in `dx describe` for jobs and analyses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dx describe` for jobs and analyses outputs `Preserve Job Outputs Folder` field
```
